today on this 2007 Honda Ridgeline we're
going to install part number seven zero
seven five four from hidden hitch
alright now this is what the hitch looks
like when its installed on the vehicle
next we'll go ahead and give you some
measurements to help you out in
selecting some accessories such as a
ball mount a bicycle rack or a cargo
carrier
your top of receiver opening down to the
ground will be 16 and 3/4 inches and
from the center of a hitch pinhole to
the edge of bumper will be three and a
quarter inches now I'll go ahead and
show you how the hitch is installed
my first step is go ahead and lower the
exhaust and get it out of a wave to give
us a more working room and so we can
slide the hitch into place we'll go
ahead and spray down the rubber hangers
with some lubricant then pry off the
hangers and then get the exhaust out of
her way our next step is go ahead and
clean out the existing threads that are
in the frame and the bumper
there'll be three threaded holes on the
frame on each side there'll be two
threaded holes on the bumper structure
in the center once again one sprayed
down some lubricant and use a tube brush
to clean out the threads we'll be using
part number eight one four zero nine -
alright once we have our threads cleaned
out we'll go ahead and use one of the
hitch bolts to make sure we can run the
bolts in the older vehicle is the more
time this will take to clean out the
threads and you may have to use a thread
tap to help clean out the threads
before we lift a hitch up in position
it's a good idea to remove the heat
shield and put it back up later or in
this case it looks like we have just
enough room that we'll just go ahead and
bend it either way and then install the
hitch now this hitch is gonna be a
really tight fit between the frame rails
so you definitely won't have X set of
hands help hold it up in place in this
case we took her driver's side push it
most way in and then worked our
passenger side up into place and then we
installed our bolts will install the 12
millimeter bolts into the frame along
with the matching conical tooth washers
we'll make sure it T's on a complet with
washers go up towards the hitch we did
one on each tie to help hold the hitch
up and then we will still install the
remaining bolts leaving them loose we'll
go and solve last two bolts that go to
the bumper structure now with all our
Hardware installed we go ahead and
tighten down the bolts
then go ahead and torque the bolts down
as specified in the instructions okay we
go ahead and put the heat shield back
into place and then reinstall the
exhaust onto the rubber hangers all
right with that that'll finish it for
our install of part number seven zero
seven five four from hidden hitch our
2007 honda ridgeline